[Music]
wait you're supposed to wear a costume I
am I am a woman who spent a lot of money
on a dress and she wants to wear it
because soon she won't be able to fit
into it oh I'm Catwoman oh he wants to
borrow the dress when you're too big for
it ok oh oh can I get out the candy I
really want to be with the kids right
now you know ever since I got pregnant I
have two strongest maternal instincts
just a minute oh look at you guys wow
you are a very scary witch and you are a
very funny clown and you are so in style
right now you know I work at Ralph
Lauren and the whole fall line has got
this like equestrian theme going on I
don't suppose you saw the cover of
British Vogue did I just have the candy
yeah sure
ah Catwoman so we meet again so we do
Supergirl it's me Phoebe Monica can I
talk to you for a second
listen I appreciate you getting me the
costume oh you did the gym what I
thought he'd love it his favorite kids
book was the Velveteen Rabbit The
Velveteen Rabbit was brown and white
well it was either a pink bunny or no
money at all nobody at all always nobody
at all hey you didn't dress up eat yes I
did I'm Chandler dude what happened how
is that me okay I'm Chandler Wow when
have I ever done that wasn't if I ever
done that Wow
oh oh well you're just the prettiest
column right now I've ever seen oh yeah
oh wow that deserves an odd piece candy
thank you well I have to say that earns
to two pieces of candy I love you oh oh
oh honey your tickle
Monica we need more candy what there's
only been like four kids yeah I know but
one of them just said that she loved me
so I just gave her everything no wonder
you're pregnant hey what are you
supposed to be remember the Russian
satellite Sputnik well I'm a potato or a
spud and these are my antenna so Sputnik
becomes Sputnik Sputnik Wow I don't have
the worst costume anymore hey hey Ross
game is duty no I'm not duty no space
duty cheddar cheese hi you know what I
mean we're actually out of candy right
now but someone just went out to get
some and I have been giving out money
but I'm out of that too you can't reach
a chick okay okay what's your name
Lelani meola no footage okay I'm just
gonna write this out to cash oh hi joey
is gonna be thrilled he was hoping you'd
come by as a slutty nurse actually I'm
just a nurse
you think that would embarrass me but
you see I'm maxed out wait wait your um
your potato well I'm a spud and the
antenna oh my god your Sputnik yes marry
her